have you wondered how they prepare
that hot, fluffy, warm
delicious traditional woman bread
comes to your home every morning today we go to
know this elaboration process
for the preparation of the dough for the
bread is first incorporated several
elements in the blender as per
example flour yeast butter
and most importantly what the
secret to the delicious taste of bread
of woman is honey for each batch of
Mass preparation are needed
approximately 60 kilos of flour and the
last turn would be 25, 5 being the
daily runs that are prepared for the
bread in the blender is left preparing the
mass about 30 minutes and then
is ready to start the cuts
specials for each type of bread either
shells empanadas panecitos para cajeta
cream cheese and also the delicious bread
good natural here they will teach me how
make the cut for natural bread and the one that
you are looking here is cut for bread
Cream cheese cheese is smaller
as you can see it and this is more
great is how natural then to
see how it goes I see you and I'll follow you
with love
to these
get to love the little ball nothing else
extends a little bit, what is
the cheese in the pure medium and it is cut and
the one of cajeta with nothing is the goods
new yields is done this is it
relate of that fresh that is already nothing
more than make reason and be like that I died
up for the preparation of the
oven you need to leave 15 minutes the
piston with a fire to the maximum so it
they heat approximately 160 degrees
centigrade then let it rest 10
minutes and then the
first batch of baked bread that lasts
approximately 10 minutes this first
Batch consists of the largest loaves
like the natural bread the shells and
empanadas in the second round it
introduce the smallest breads as
They are bread with cream cheese with cajeta and
with chocolate and these are left baking
approximately 10 minutes this is due
that the oven is cooling down and if
introduce the smallest breads in the
first batch could be at risk
that the filling burns
the ovens are made of concrete and form
oval to keep the heat
of bread selection is carried out
to remove the losses the losses are
breads that were not formed correctly or
they do not look attractive to the public but nothing
this type of bread is wasted optan
for giving it away after the bread is
completely clean and without any shrinkage
we proceed to accommodate them in their
respective trays so that they look like
attractive to the public and take them to
exhibitor ready to be sold and
consumed these delicious breads milestones
shells and empanadas that are all called
woman bread and I open it asks me with the
woman because when woman and not man
of children or what's going on because it's like
they saw is made by pure women or
I used to be an old fan and I know
they made pure empanadas and bread what is
the natural bread already after
they are old listening a little vulgar
they totally recognize how many pnd is
approximately they leave every day and they
they sell approximately 4000
definition in 3
six beds
how many kilos of flour no no no what
barbarian from 200 to 22
I want to tell you that they are here
from 3 in the morning
at the output of production
so they can see what
the other team that enters enters the dinner
and now if I say goodbye enjoying the
delicious woman bread